Feature: failover priority (#2780)
zalando/patroni: docs/yaml_configuration.rst

Tags
----

> -  **nofailover**: ``true`` or ``false``, controls whether this node is allowed to participate in the leader race and become a leader. Defaults to ``false``. NOTE: provide only one of `nofailover` or `failover_priority`. Providing `nofailover: False` is the same as `failover_priority: 1` and `nofailover: True` is the same as `failover_priority: 0`.

Author: I also added a short sentence indicating that ``false`` means this node _can_ participate in leader races, which may not be immediately obvious to a new user

> -  **failover_priority**: ``non-negative int``, controls the priority that this node should have during failover. Nodes with higher priority will be preferred over lower priority nodes. However, it's important to be aware that during failover, nodes are first filtered about using WAL status, and that this setting is only to break ties between replicas with equal WAL statuses. NOTE: Provide only one of `nofailover` or `failover_priority`. Setting `failover_priority: 0` will prevent this node from seeking leadership, and is semantically the same as `nofailover: True`.

Author: I agree that that's better. A bit strange to have the info pretty much duplicated so close together, and will probably do a better job catching the user's attention.

Tags
----
-  **clonefrom**: ``true`` or ``false``. If set to ``true`` other nodes might prefer to use this node for bootstrap (take ``pg_basebackup`` from). If there are several nodes with ``clonefrom`` tag set to ``true`` the node to bootstrap from will be chosen randomly. The default value is ``false``.
-  **noloadbalance**: ``true`` or ``false``. If set to ``true`` the node will return HTTP Status Code 503 for the ``GET /replica`` REST API health-check and therefore will be excluded from the load-balancing. Defaults to ``false``.
-  **replicatefrom**: The IP address/hostname of another replica. Used to support cascading replication.
-  **nosync**: ``true`` or ``false``. If set to ``true`` the node will never be selected as a synchronous replica.
-  **nofailover**: ``true`` or ``false``, controls whether this node is allowed to participate in the leader race and become a leader. Defaults to ``false``, meaning this node _can_ participate in leader races. 

> -  **failover_priority**: integer, controls the priority that this node should have during failover. Nodes with higher priority will be preferred over lower priority nodes. However, it's important to be aware that during failover, Patroni will select the best promotion candidates based on how up-to-date they are with the current primary node, and that this setting is only used to break ties between replicas that are considered the best candidates by Patroni, if 2 or more happen to be selected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  **failover_priority**: integer, controls the priority that this node should have during failover. Nodes with higher priority will be preferred over lower priority nodes if they received/replayed the same amount of WAL. But, nodes with higher values of receive/replay LSN are preferred even if their priority is lower. If the ``failover_priority`` is 0 or negative - such node is not allowed to participate in the leader race and become a leader (similar to ``nofailover: true``).
```
